[Update 2023/7/23]

misakaProject (hereinafter referred to as "our company") establishes the following terms of use (hereinafter referred to as "this agreement") in providing "misaka" (hereinafter referred to as "this service"). These Terms are the rules that apply when a person using this service (hereafter referred to as the customer) uses this service. In order to use this service comfortably, please read the contents of this agreement carefully.
Article 1 (Application)
These Terms shall apply to all relationships related to the use of the Service between the Customer and the Company.
Article 2 (Usage Fee)
1. Customers can use this service free of charge. However, we may start some paid services in the future. 2. Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, the customer shall prepare the terminal equipment, communication equipment, Internet connection environment, and all other equipment necessary for using this service, and the customer shall bear the communication costs incurred in using this service.
Article 3 (Prohibitions)
When using this service, the following acts and acts that may cause them are prohibited. (1) Obscene language, threatening behavior, racial prejudice, slanderous behavior, or any other behavior that causes discomfort to others (2) Fraudulent behavior, threatening behavior, or harassing behavior towards other customers (3) behavior that damages the honor or credibility of our company or a third party (4) behavior that infringes the intellectual property rights of our company or a third party (5) behavior that infringes on the privacy or portrait rights of a third party (6) committing suicide (7) Linking to adult sites, one-click fraud sites, virus sites, and other sites that the Company deems inappropriate (8) Commercial transactions, commercial advertising, exchange of prohibited items, solicitation to organizations, religious activities (9) Formation of groups or groups with the intention of commercial activities based on religion, race, sex, ethnicity, human rights, and any other prejudices (10) Our Company (11) Guidance to sites where profits such as points are generated by affiliates or invitations (12) Use of this service for the purpose of meeting opposite sex (13) Acts that infringe on the rights and property of our company or a third party, or acts that cause economic loss (14) Use of this service for purposes other than the intended purpose of this service (15) Acts that infringe on the copyright of content related to this service (16) To websites and servers that provide this service (17) Use of external tools not approved by the Company in the Service; (18) Use and provision of programs and software that make the OS, software, such as computer viruses, perform illegal processing; (21) Developing, distributing, or using server emulators (22) Altering, correcting, adapting, decompiling, or disassembling software, clients, or servers related to the Service (23) Impersonating or misrepresenting oneself as an employee of the Company or its affiliated companies (24) Acts contrary to public order and morals (25) Criminal acts or acts of notifying, participating in, or encouraging such acts (26) In addition to the preceding items, the operation of the Service (27) Acts that violate these Terms or laws and regulations (28) Other acts that the Company deems inappropriate
Article 4 (Disclaimer)
1. The Company does not guarantee the completeness, accuracy, reliability, usefulness, etc. of the content of the Service or the data provided in connection with the Service. 2. The Company may change, suspend or terminate the Service at its own discretion without prior notice to the customer. We will not be held responsible for any damages incurred by customers or third parties resulting from this. 3. In addition to the preceding paragraph, the Company shall not be liable for any damages arising from the use of the Service, except in cases of default or tort by the Company. 4. The Company shall not be concerned with any disputes that may arise between you and other customers or third parties. In the event that a customer causes damage to another customer or a third party, the customer shall resolve the matter at his/her own responsibility and expense, and shall not cause any trouble to the Company. 5. Customers shall use this service at their own discretion, and our company shall not be held responsible for any physical or mental damage caused by excessive use.
Article 5 (Matters Concerning Rights)
1. All rights such as copyrights and other intellectual property rights related to this service belong to our company or a third party who has obtained permission for its use. 2. Notwithstanding the preceding paragraph, the copyright of information registered or written in this service by the customer (hereinafter referred to as "posted content") belongs to the customer or a third party who owns the copyright of the information. 3. Unless you have obtained prior permission or are valid quotations, you must not include information that is copyrighted by a third party, in whole or in part, in your postings. In the event that a third party claims rights regarding posted content, the customer shall settle the matter at their own expense and responsibility, and the Company shall not be held responsible. 4. The customer consents in advance to the Company's use of posted content free of charge to the extent necessary for the provision of this service and advertisement of this service. Such license shall remain in effect even after the customer terminates the use of this service, and the customer shall not exercise the author's moral rights regarding the use by the Company. 5. In the following cases, the Company may take appropriate measures such as deleting all or part of the posted content. (1) If information that falls under the prohibited items stipulated in these Terms is posted (2) If a public institution or a person with legitimate authority points out or expresses an opinion that the posted content is illegal, violates public order and morals, or infringes on the rights of others (3) In addition, if the Company determines that it is necessary In addition, we are not obligated to monitor, change, or delete posted content, except as stipulated by law.
Article 6 (Limitation on Compensation Amount)
1. The Company shall not be liable for any damages arising from the use of this service. 2. The Company shall not be liable for any damages, including indirect damages or lost profits, incurred by the customer or any other third party, even if the Company has been notified in advance of the possibility of such damages.
Article 7 (Governing Law and Agreed Jurisdiction)
1. The governing law of this Service and these Terms shall be the law of Japan, and shall be interpreted in accordance with the law of Japan. 2. In the event that a lawsuit arises between the customer and the Company regarding the Service and the Terms, the Tokyo District Court or the Tokyo Summary Court shall be the exclusive court of jurisdiction for the first instance.
Article 8 (Privacy Policy)
The Company strictly manages the personal information of customers acquired through this service based on the personal information protection policy. We may use the information provided by our customers for the purpose of operating this service and providing user support.
Article 9 (Changes to these Terms)
The Company shall be able to add or change the contents of these Terms without obtaining the consent of the customer. Changes to these Terms shall become effective at the time the Company displays them on the Service, and if you continue to use the Service after the change, it will be deemed that you have accepted the change.
Article 10 (Inquiries)
1. In principle, inquiries regarding this service will be handled by e-mail using the inquiry form. However, we may not be able to respond to individual inquiries. 2. Notifications, communications and user support provided by the Company with respect to the Service shall be made only in Japanese.


misakaProject（以下、当社）は、「misaka」（以下、本サービス）を提供するにあたり、次の通り利用規約（以下、本規約）を定めます。 本規約は、本サービスを利用する者（以下、お客様）が本サービスを利用するにあたり適用されるルールとなります。本サービスを快適にご利用になるために、本規約の内容をよくお読みください。
第1条（適用）
本規約は、お客様と当社との間の本サービスの利用に係る一切の関係に適用されるものとします。
第2条（利用料金）
1. お客様は、本サービスを無償で利用することが可能です。但し、将来において一部有料サービスを開始する可能性があります。 2. 前項に関わらず、本サービスの利用に必要な端末機器、通信機器、インターネット接続環境その他の一切はお客様自身が準備するものとし、本サービスの利用に伴い発生する通信費等はお客様自身が負担するものとします。
第3条（禁止事項）
お客様が本サービスを利用するうえで、以下の行為及びそのおそれのある行為を禁止します。 (1) わいせつな言動、脅迫的な言動、人種的偏見のある言動、誹謗中傷的な言動、その他あらゆる他者へ不快感を与える言動 (2) 他のお客様への詐欺行為、脅迫行為、つきまとい行為 (3) 当社または第三者の名誉・信用を毀損する行為 (4) 当社または第三者の知的財産権を侵害する行為 (5) 第三者の個人情報を開示すること及び第三者のプライバシーや肖像権を侵害する行為 (6) 自殺、自傷行為、薬物乱用等を美化・誘発・助長する恐れのある表現の使用 (7) リンクを張る等してアダルトサイト、ワンクリック詐欺サイト、ウィルスサイト等当社が不適切と判断するサイトに誘導する行為 (8) 商取引、営利目的の広告宣伝、禁制品の交換、団体への勧誘、宗教活動 (9) 宗教、人種、性、民族、人権及びその他のあらゆる偏見に基づく信条を持った集団もしくは商業活動を意図とした集団の結成及び活動 (10) 当社の許可しない、本サービスを使用した営業活動またはその準備 (11) アフェリエイトや招待することでポイント等の利益が発生するサイトへの誘導 (12) 異性との出会いを目的とした本サービスの利用 (13) 当社または第三者の権利、財産を侵害する行為または経済的損失を与える行為 (14) 本サービスの意図する目的ではない本サービスの利用 (15) 本サービスに係るコンテンツの著作権を侵害する行為 (16) 本サービスを提供するウェブサイト及びサーバ等への不正アクセス・情報の改ざん等、本サービスの円滑な運営を妨害する行為 (17) 本サービスでの当社が認めていない外部ツールの使用 (18) コンピュータウィルス等のＯＳ、ソフトウェアに不正な処理を行わせるプログラム及びソフトウェア等の使用及び提供、またはそれらを支援、助長する行為 (19) 本サービスに関わるすべてのプログラム及びソフトウェアを全部または一部を問わず不正な目的のために複製する行為 (20) 本サービスに関わるソフトウェア、クライアント、サーバの不具合を不正な目的で使用する行為、またはその不具合の利用を他人へ教唆する行為 (21) サーバーエミュレーターの開発、配布、利用行為 (22) 本サービスに関わるソフトウェア、クライアント、サーバの改変、修正、翻案及び逆コンパイル、逆アセンブル等のリバースエンジニアリング (23) 当社及びその関係会社の職員であることを偽装または詐称する行為 (24) 公序良俗に反する行為 (25) 犯罪行為またはこれを予告、関与、助長する行為 (26) 前各号に掲げる他、本サービスの運営を妨げるまたは妨げるおそれがあると当社が認める行為 (27) 本規約または法令に違反する行為 (28) その他当社が不適当と認める行為
第4条（免責事項）
1. 当社は、本サービスの内容および本サービスに関連して提供されるデータについてその完全性、正確性、信頼性、有用性等いかなる保証も行いません。 2. 当社は、お客様への予告を行うことなく、当社の判断により本サービスを変更、停止または終了することができます。それに伴い生じたお客様または第三者の損害について、一切の責任を負いません。 3. 当社は、前項の他、本サービスを利用したことによる生じた損害について、当社の債務不履行または不法行為による場合を除いて、一切の責任を負いません。 4. 当社はお客様と他のお客様または第三者との間で生じた紛争には関知いたしません。お客様が他のお客様または第三者に対して損害等を与えた場合には、自己の責任と費用において解決し、当社には一切迷惑をかけないものとします。 5. お客様は本サービスをお客様自身の判断により利用するものとし、過度の利用により肉体的、精神的に損害が生じた場合でも、当社は一切の責任を負わないものとします。
第5条（権利に関する事項）
1. 本サービスに係る著作権その他の知的財産権等一切の権利は、当社または当社がその利用の許諾を得ている第三者に帰属します。 2. 前項にかかわらず、お客様が本サービス内で登録し、または書き込まれた情報（以下「投稿内容」という）の著作権については、当該お客様または当該情報の著作権を有する第三者に帰属します。 3. お客様は事前の許諾を得た場合もしくは正当な引用となる場合を除き、第三者が著作権を有する情報を投稿内容の全部または一部としてはいけません。投稿内容について第三者から権利の主張を受けた場合、お客様は自らの費用と責任において解決するものとし、当社は一切の責任を負いません。 4. お客様は、当社が本サービスの提供及び本サービスの広告宣伝に必要な範囲で投稿内容を無償で利用することを予め許諾します。当該許諾はお客様が本サービスの利用を終了した後においても有効に存続するものとし、お客様は当社による利用について著作者人格権を行使しないものとします。 5. 当社は、以下に定める場合には、投稿内容について、その全部または一部を削除する等適切な措置を行うことができます。 (1) 本規約に定める禁止事項に該当する情報が書き込まれていた場合 (2) 投稿内容登録について、公的な機関または正当な権限を有する者から、違法、公序良俗違反または他人の権利を侵害する等の指摘・意見表明があった場合 (3) その他、当社が必要と判断した場合 6. 前項に該当する場合であっても、当社は、事前および事後における変更・削除等の確認、ならびに変更・削除等に至った理由および経緯の説明はいたしません。また、当社は、法令にて定められている場合を除き、投稿内容の監視、変更・削除等の義務を負いません。
第6条（賠償額の制限）
1. 当社は、本サービスの利用により生じた一切の損害につき、その賠償義務を負いません。 2. 当社はお客様その他の第三者に発生した間接損害、逸失利益を含むいかなる損害についても、当社が係る損害の可能性を事前に通知されていたとしても、一切の責任を負いません。
第7条（準拠法および合意管轄）
1. 本サービスおよび本規約の準拠法は日本法とし、日本法に従って解釈されます。 2. 本サービスおよび本規約に関し、お客様と当社との間で訴訟の必要が生じた場合、東京地方裁判所または東京簡易裁判所を第一審の専属的な管轄裁判所とします。
第8条（プライバシーポリシー）
当社は、本サービスを通じて取得したお客様の個人情報を、個人情報保護方針に基づき厳重に管理します。なお、当社は、お客様から提供された情報を、本サービスの運営及びユーザーサポートを目的として使用する場合がございます。
第9条（本規約の変更）
当社はお客様の承諾を得ることなく、本規約の内容を追加または変更することができるものとします。本規約の変更は、当社が本サービス上に表示した時点をもって発効するものとし、変更後においてお客様が本サービスのご利用を継続した場合、その変更について了承したものとみなされます。
第10条（問い合わせ）
1. 本サービスに関する問い合わせは、原則として問い合わせフォームを利用した電子メールでの対応を行います。但し、問い合わせに対しては、個別に回答できない場合がございます。 2. 本サービスに関して、当社が行う通知・連絡及びユーザーザポートは、日本語によってのみ行われるものとします。
